>> Brian Holt: Actually,
before we start into Context,
let's talk about the spread
operator really quick.
I intentionally don't teach this very much
because I think it's kind of a bad idea,
and I think people abuse it too much.
If I was gonna use the spread
operator here inside of render,
I have const obj =
>> Brian Holt: Not state,
but maybe animal: "dog", and
name: "Luna", right?
If I wanted to pass this into results,
I have kind of two choices.
I can have pet =  up here, right?
And this would pass in, so
I'd have to refer to the set inside of
results as this.props.pet.name, right?
That's annoying, I don't think in
general that's the most useful pattern.
I think a better pattern
is passing everything in
explicitly, of saying name=.
And animal=.
I think that's a more useful pattern, so
then I can refer to it as sys.props.name.
And it makes Results API
a little bit more explicit.
There is a third option.
Which in general, I kind of steer
people away from that you can do this,
dot, dot, dot, obj.
What this is,
this is called the spread operator.
It's very similar to the spread operator
that already exists in JavaScript, but
it's a JSX kind of specific version of it.
But what this is gonna do is, rather than
having to write out animal=,
it spreads that across the component.
So now this will receive
this.props.animal and
this.props.name, because this
is being spread across it.
Does that answer your question?
Yeah?
>> off screen female: Why is that bad?
>> Brian Holt: I think it's bad because
it's very implicit and not explicit.
>> Brian Holt: Which is two
ways of saying the same thing.
[LAUGH]
>> off screen female: You
can go up to object and see exactly what?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, but
what if it's coming in from props?
A lot of times, what people will
do is this.props like this.
And it'll be the props
coming into its object, and
so there's multiple layers deep that
you don't see where it's coming from.
And the other thing is, a lot of times,
you're passing in stuff that
you don't want in there anyway.
You're just being lazy and not wanting
to type things out, so you're like,
I want most of the things in here.
I want some of the things in here, but
I'm gonna pass everything into it, right?
Does that make some sense?
So here in this case,
where I can look up here and see object,
I would be fine with this, right?
But maybe a better example of this
would be if I went into results.js,
and for whatever reason,
I thought it was a good
idea down here to say  or
this.state, or something like this.
What is in props right now?
I don't know, stuff that I want in pet?
Maybe, [LAUGH] right?
So you get into kind of these weird
situations where it becomes very implicit,
and you're passing things
around that you don't need.
All of a sudden,
you have all these props you that don't
necessarily have to mess around with.
I think it's better to be explicit.
Now, or even in this case, rather than
doing everything that I did here,
I could of just done , right?
That comes in with pet here.
>> Brian Holt: I still don't like this,
right?
I don't like this because now pet has
all this weird nesting that I want.
And I wanna handle that
when I'm passing in, so
that this pet component is
now way more reusable, right?
Because I just have to pass in
an animal name, breed, media, location,
all that kind of stuff, and it works,
instead of having to finagle all this
nesting and
object shape to get it to work.
>> Brian Holt: So it's a double-edged
sword, and not the good kind.
Is there a good kind?
It's a bad one,
it's a bad double-edged sword.
[LAUGH] Okay,
the analogy is dead, but don't.
I think the sum of my story is,
unless it's very obvious what's coming in
with the object,
I would suggest that you not do it.
>> Brian Holt: In general, over my career,
I've just found that I don't like
implicitness, I don't like magic.
I used to write a lot of Django,
when I was doing Python.
There's just too much magic for me to go.
Django developers are amazing,
if you understand how Django works.
And I think we could extend this to Rails,
or some of these other backends.
It's amazing,
if you know what's happening.
But for me, as a newbie to those,
I was like, there's so
much magic in here,
I don't know what's going on.
And so I've learned as part of
my trade to not rely on magic.
And React is not magical,
that's one of the reasons I like it.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
that was an excessively long diatribe on,
[LAUGH] why not to use
the spread operator.
But it's good for you to know
because you'll see it in code bases.
But in general,
I'd advise you to shy away from it.